docs: Update readme (#645)
tomasz-tomczyk/crit: README.md

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/tomasz-tomczyk/crit)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/tomasz-tomczyk/crit)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

Review and comment on plans, code diffs, frontend elements and send feedback directly to your agent.

![Crit UI for "notification-plan.md" showing comment left on "Queue - Redis Streams, SQS, RabbitMQ" line saying "Just use SQS - we're in AWS"](images/demo-overview.png)

## Adaptive UI for each type of output

For agents, plans and code are all the same - it's just text, but for us, humans, reviewing generated plans and reviewing web application are two very different activities.

Crit adds a proper interface for each type of output and lets you point at the exact thing that is wrong and leave a comment for the agent to fix:

> - `crit plan.md` would render markdown file with proper formatting and review UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `crit plan.md` renders a markdown file with proper formatting and review UI
```

> - `crit http://localhost:3000` would proxy your running app and add a review surface to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `crit http://localhost:3000` proxies your running app and adds a review interface to it
```

> - `crit landing.html` would render a static HTML artifact to review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `crit landing.html` renders a static HTML artifact to review
```

> - `crit` would auto-detect git changes and show syntax-highlighted diffs for local review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `crit` auto-detect code changes and shows syntax-highlighted diffs for local review
```

I'd move this up to below `crit plan.md`
